Docs contributing - version and release schedule grammar (#1467)
networktocode/ntc-templates: docs/dev/contributing.md

- PRs intended to address bug fixes and security patches should be sourced from the master branch.
- PRs intended to add new features that break backward compatibility should be discussed before a PR is created.

> NTC-Templates will observe semantic versioning. This may result in an quick turn around in minor versions to keep pace with an ever growing feature set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NTC-Templates observes semantic versioning. This may result in a quick turn around in minor/major versions to keep pace with an ever growing feature set.
```

Author: Looks good.
Thank you for catching that grammar mistake of mine when I changed the sentence structure.
